Feature/fraud prevention (#1237)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/resources/changelog/current-year.en.md

## July 2021

### July 30th

> CHANGELOG
>
> Fraud prevention when using MercadoPago.js V2
>
> FEATURE: FEATURE
>
> PRODUCT: MERCADO PAGO

> MercadoPago.js V2 uses our Device ID as a fraud prevention system to detect and analyze unusual customer behavior, prevent suspicious payout and improve payment approval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MercadoPago.js V2 includes within its functionalities a system for fraud prevention. Its goal is to detect and analyze unusual customer behaviors, avoid suspicious payout and improve payment approval.
```
